一、Nexus安装Android系统
出自：https://developers.google.com/android/nexus，该网页提供了Google的nexus系列手机的驱动和安装包。
驱动：Nexus Binaries
安装包：Nexus Factory Images
其中驱动主要用于在源码编译，安装包用于镜像安装。
注意：网上很多android 5.0的安装包都是ROM包的形式，每个版本的Android系统都有对应的BASEBAND，只更新ROM包对应的内容而不更新BASEBAND，系统无法正常运行。google网站提供了升级系统需要的所有组件。

下面的文字摘自镜像安装部分：
Flashing Instructions

To flash a device using one of the system images below (or one of your own), you need the fastboot tool. You can get the fastboot tool either:

From a compiled version of the the Android Open Source Project.
Or, from the platform-tools/ directory in the Android SDK. Be sure that you have the latest version of the Android SDK Platform-tools from the SDK Manager.
Once you have the fastboot tool, add it to your PATH environment variable (the flash-all script below must be able to find it). Also be certain that you've set up USB access for your device, as described in the Using Hardware Devices guide.

Caution: Flashing a new system image deletes all user data. Be certain to first backup any personal data such as photos.

To flash a system image:

Download the appropriate system image for your device below, then unzip it to a safe directory.
Connect your device to your computer over USB.
Start the device in fastboot mode with one of the following methods:
Using the adb tool: With the device powered on, execute:
adb reboot bootloader
Using a key combo: Turn the device off, then turn it on and immediately hold down the relevant key combination for your device. For example, to put a Nexus 5 ("hammerhead") into fastboot mode, press and hold Volume Up + Volume Down + Power as the device begins booting up.
If necessary, unlock the device's bootloader by running:
fastboot oem unlock
The target device will show you a confirmation screen. (This erases all data on the target device.)
Open a terminal and navigate to the unzipped system image directory.
Execute the flash-all script. This script installs the necessary bootloader, baseband firmware(s), and operating system.
Once the script finishes, your device reboots. You should now lock the bootloader for security:

Start the device in fastboot mode again, as described above.
Execute:
fastboot oem lock
Locking the bootloader does not wipe any data, but when you want to flash it again, you must run fastboot oem unlock again, which will wipe the data.

二、bootloader解锁
fastboot oem unlock
fastboot oem lock

三、漫游问题
IMSI共有15位，其结构如下：MCC+MNC+MSIN 。 MCC：Mobile Country Code，移动国家码，MCC的资源由国际电联（ITU）统一分配和管理，唯一识别移动用户所属的国家，共3位，中国为460;　　 MNC:Mobile Network Code，移动网络码，共2位。中国移动MNC：00、02、07。
IMSI存储在SIM卡，只有一个序列，而当前网络的MCC+MNC可能是46000、46002、46007。如果sim卡的MCC+MNC与当前网络MCC+MNC不一样，手机就认为处于漫游状态，所以勾选漫游才能上网。这个问题是高通平台代码的bug。我所在的公司也使用高通平台。我在MSM8610平台的手机上也遇到了这个问题，这个bug还是我改的。nexus不卖往中国大陆，没做这方面的测试。

#安卓5.0和5.1网络信号出现感叹号不消失的解决方法！#
关闭谷歌验证：
su
settings put global captive_portal_detection_enabled 0
reboot
不关闭谷歌验证，替换国内服务器，已测试可用！
su
settings put global captive_portal_server liukebin.sinaapp.com 
reboot

